You fatso, instead of that, eat this.
There's a horse poop right next to you.
If you stick it in your tongue and give it to the flower of the horse...
Oh, that's gross.
You're trying to eat this horse poop?
Hey, you!
I knew it.
If you don't eat it, I'll take you to the bath.
Now, shut up!
Please wait, sir.
What?
I'm sorry to say that I don't eat it.
I'm a young man, and horse poop is a very good thing.
This is my first time on a horse.
I'm trying to make the horse poop stop.
Please finish what you just ate.
Oh, I see.
So this is horse poop.
Yes, it is.
If it's horse poop, I'll forgive you.
Thank you.
Instead, I'll go ahead and do what the owner of the horse poop will do.
I'm not going to do anything.
If you leave the horse poop, you'll be left with your owner.
Okay, then.
Put this and the other things in one.
And go to the hotel in Akasaka.
What?
I'm glad you're leaving the horse poop.
You're going to take this big bag with you?
Yes, I will.
What are you talking about?
Go ahead.
I'm not going.
Then I'll go ahead and do what the owner of the horse poop will do.
I'm going to take the bag and go to the hotel.
You're the owner's horse poop.
I love horse poop.
Hey, Yaji, you...
I'm not going to joke about it.
I was surprised to find out that you were the owner.
I'm not going to tell you what the owner of the horse poop is doing.
If you do that, you'll be punished for it.
No matter how strong the horse poop is, it's a big deal.
What?
You're going to punish me for it?
You're not surprised by the horse poop?
What?
Maybe you're not going to punish me.
There are many kinds of punishments.
There are love punishments,
marriage punishments,
and purple punishments.
I'm not going to punish you.
What do you mean?
I'm going to punish you for it.
That's not going to help.
Really?
Kida, if you were a dog, you'd be a beast.
You can tell what's going on in a human's stomach.
I don't think they're going to be able to see you.
Let's try to find out if they're strong or weak.
Try to eat a peach.
You have to be surprised by the owner's words.
I see.
I'm going to wash the dirty clothes.
Show me your guts.
I'll make you laugh.